[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: So
we're gonna do Exercise 1 okay.
Now let me orient you to Exercise 1 and
it's really important you get
this orientation solid right now.
Because we are going to revisit this same
exercise all the way through seven, one,
two, three, four, five, six,
seven is the exact same problem domain.
Revisited in different asynchronous
patterns so starting out with Exercise 1.
Let's open up the Read Me in the ex1.js.
Let's try to get more familiar with
what this exercise is asking us to do.
And honestly what it's asking us to do
is I've attempted to articulate a pretty
common pattern that we run into especially
in the user interface of our systems.
What you're going to be
asked to do is coordinate
the responses to a set of fake AJAX calls.
Fake AJAX calls cuz I don't want you to
worry about setting up your own servers or
any of the stuff so
it's gonna pretend to do AJAX.
And I've got random delays in there such
that every time you run your program
you're gonna get different
behavior out of it.
Just like you would in the real world,
okay?
But these are fake AJAX they're not
actually making network calls but
it actually doesn't matter
to us whether it's fake.
What matters to us is that we want to
pretend as if we're making calls and
respond to the sequence of
responses in a same way.
And the way we want to respond to that is
we're going to request all three of them
at the same time aka in parallel.
We know we really should
use the term concurrent but
in parallel we want to make the same three
responses at the same time, all right,
same through request, at the same time.
Now, when we get a response back from
file1 we want to print it right away.
In fact, if we get file1 and
file2 back, but file3 is still waiting,
we want to print file1 and
file2 right away.
We want to render them as
soon as possible, why?
User perception of performance.
If we waited until all through,
we were back before we printed them,
the user is going to feel
like the system is slower.
But if we progressively run or whatever
we have they're going to feel like it's
faster that's a really important
component of experiences user perception.
Even if it takes the same amount of
time the perception is important but
one additional wrinkle,
which is I want to make sure that those
files print in the correct order.
So if I file2 comes back right away and
file1 is still pending,
don't print file2 yet.
Wait until file1 gets there,
and then print both of them.
So what we're wanting to do is
render ASAP but in the proper order.
You see, there's a little bit of
a twist here and that's intentional and
that's a generalized statement of a pretty
common pattern in user interface design.
Doing multiple things in parallel,
waiting for them to come back,
coordinating their responses,
responding as soon as possible but
making sure things happen in a same order.
That's what this exercise calls for
you to do.
So let me orient you to ex1.js.
You notice I have my fake AJAX,
it's mapping from
URL like file one to some contents and
I've got some random delay in there.
I've got an output utility which is
a convenient wrapper on the console along
for you to use.
Here's my getFile function it
makes that fake AJAX call and
this is the part where you need to
start figuring out some code because
it's pretty easy to call getFile
three times in parallel.
I gave you that for free but the question
is not how to coordinate the requests.
The question is,
how do I properly coordinate the responses
and here is some hints for you.
You're gonna have responses coming back,
because the randomized threads you can
have them come back in
any particular order.
Some of them might come back too early.
Which means we're going to need
to have something hold onto
some state for a while.
You need some sort of global variable or
object or array or
something to hold on the responses in
case you're not ready to print them.
And you need to figure out of all all
these callbacks sharing over that or
coordinating over that shared state and
figuring out when it's okay to print
something and only printing it once.
All right, so we're going to
take about I said five, we'll
take ten minutes because I wanna make
sure everybody plays around with this.
We'll take the ten minutes and
then we are gonna take an afternoon break
after the ten minutes,
so we will come back.
Talk through the solution and
then that will be the time that
we take our afternoon break.
But I want you to play around with
the pain of callbacks if you will
by understanding just how hard it is to do
what should be sort of a simple use case.
It's actually pretty difficult when you
have to manage all that state yourself
through callbacks.